big yard professional is a new print
cost recovery package available
exclusively through brother it takes
advantage of the new brother solution
interface to create an elegant and
secure print management package using
the powerful capabilities of the brother
solutions interface or BSI be garden
Hans's print access and security can be
used by an organization to recover print
costs and provides powerful control and
management functions there are many
documents in organizations that need to
be kept confidential such as legal
papers wage slips items with customer
details or patient records in health
care when printing confidential
documents the last thing you want is for
someone else to collect them at the
printer
most of the time this would be
accidental but there is the possibility
of malicious intent if you did have an
intruder you wouldn't want to fall foul
of data protection laws when using the
pull printing feature of B guard the
user that originated them can only
collect documents by authenticating at
the printer they want to use there's no
wasted time finding the person who
accidentally picked up your document or
risk of theft non BSI technologies can
also be supported by using external card
readers and touchscreen devices these
devices will work with non brother
printers faxes and copiers too meaning
you don't have to change your entire
print fleet at once to take advantage of
B guard once someone is logged on you
can restrict certain machine functions
to certain users for example only the
people that are responsible for
receiving faxes can access them and only
people that need to copy and color can
use this function this feature further
enhances security and helps reduce costs
be guard can also significantly reduce
print wastage many jobs are printed but
a forgotten about and never collected by
the user the administrator can set B
yard to automatically delete jobs if
they're not collected within 24 hours or
another predetermined amount of time
this feature alone can save an
organization between ten and twenty
percent in print costs another cost
reduction technique is to assign users a
quota for use with printing and copying
when a user logs on they can see the
quota limit they have and if they try to
exceed this the machine stops printing
this feature is also useful if you want
to charge users for the service
another benefit of the software is
allowing a user to go to any machine
that is free there's no need to wait for
a machine that's busy printing a large
run of jobs for someone else and no
downtime if a printer has a problem or
has run out of toner you can just go to
any available printer and use that one
instead reporting can be used to charge
costs to different areas so departments
in an organization can take
responsibility for their printing costs
reports can be automatically scheduled
and emailed to the relevant person by
the system this data helps an
administrator learn much more about an
organization's printing needs reports
such as the top ten printers and top 10
users help identify what type of printer
is needed and where it can be difficult
for IT administrators to manage many new
types of devices such as smartphones and
tablets fortunately be guard includes
tools to easily add and control printing
from any device that can email all the
user has to do is email the document to
the server and then they can collect the
printout from any machine the job will
be tracked and charged just like PC
print shops so full accounting of
printing from mobile devices is possible
the administrator can also decide to
allow printing for guests allowing
visitors to print via email without
having to configure drivers or allow
them to connect to the company's network
bee yard professional improved security
enhances management and control of your
printer fleet and more than pays for
itself by saving on print costs with a
very low cost and enhanced features on
brother solutions interface machines
there's no reason why an organization
can't start printing more efficiently
and productively now
you